Update wording around date equality test (#725)
moment/luxon: docs/math.md

d1 < d2 // is d1 before d2?
```

> However, beware that `===` compares object identity, which not a useful concept in a library with immutable types. Use `#equals` to compare both the time and additional metadata, such as the locale and time zone. If you're only interested in checking the equality of the timestamps, you can use:

Reviewer: which is not

> However, beware that `===` compares object identity, which not a useful concept in a library with immutable types. Use `#equals` to compare both the time and additional metadata, such as the locale and time zone. If you're only interested in checking the equality of the timestamps, you can use:

Reviewer: Also you want "be aware that"; "beware that" doesn't sound quite right

> However, beware that `===` compares object identity, which not a useful concept in a library with immutable types. Use `#equals` to compare both the time and additional metadata, such as the locale and time zone. If you're only interested in checking the equality of the timestamps, you can use:

Author: ```suggestion
However, be aware that `===` compares object identity, which is not a useful concept in a library with immutable types. Use `#equals` to compare both the time and additional metadata, such as the locale and time zone. If you're only interested in checking the equality of the timestamps, you can use:
```

```js
d1.toMillis() === d2.toMillis() // are d1 and d2 the same instant in time?

> +d1 === +d2 // same test, using object coercision

Reviewer: coercion

> +d1 === +d2 // same test, using object coercision

Author: ```suggestion
+d1 === +d2 // same test, using object coercion
```
